the piece of the verve bitter sweet
symphony is a piece that has been very
known in the 90s composed by
of English it's understanding that I'll
proposes is an arrangement clearly
simplified our tone that means
that you can not play with
original piece unless you know
knew and you know how
use the transpose function of your
keyboard mine is here but the
first line is the melody of
piece in itself the second and
third lines are lines
inspired by other pieces that have the
same chord grid fado sol minor d
that's what I had I mean by a
Chordsheet chaining agreement
which is proposed in the piece so
respect the fingering
working in acute here is
works around his back and he is not
from the central doubs of the keyboard the 2 the 2
keyboard central you remember these
notes that is relatively low on the
partition here we work rather around
from the back and saw the first note being lefa
acute you notice a new
notation in this piece of bach with
2.2 partido each row 7 are
resumption bars so that means
that you have to play each line twice
here is leader, you have to play twice
that there is between these two of these two
symbols so
I will play twice each
line I put the metrodome a little bit more
quickly that 60
you will understand that for you
train you have to go a lot more
slowly
Let's go
e
Oh
no
in
years
be careful of the silence at the
last line if she combines the first
line too but we've already seen it in
other pieces so normally this
subtlety should not pose any
problem
if you did the four pieces
before